Module4 STL (#24)
jetbrains-academy/CppBasics: StandardLibraryEssentials/Templates/TemplateBasics/task.md

> Imagine that you have a function for calculating the sum of two numbers. If you want to calculate the sum of two integers, you can write a function that takes two `int` numbers as arguments and returns their sum. However, suppose you also want to have such a function for `double`, `long long`, `float`, and a custom type such as `Fraction`. You will have to write a separate function for each type. This becomes inconvenient, as you end up writing multiple functions that essentially do the same thing but with different data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine that you have a function for calculating the sum of two numbers. If you want to calculate the sum of two integers, you can write a function that takes two `int` numbers as arguments and returns their sum. However, suppose you also want to have such a function for `double`, `long long`, `float`, or some custom data type. You will have to write a separate function for each type. This becomes inconvenient, as you end up writing multiple functions that essentially do the same thing but with different data types.
```

Templates are designed to address this exact issue. They allow you to write a single function that can work with different types. For instance, you can write a template function that takes two arguments of any type and returns their sum as a variable of the same type.

> The syntax for creating a template function is simple: you start with the `template` keyword, followed by the `typename` keyword, and then include the type name you want to use as a template parameter. Then, you can use this type name in the function as if it were a regular type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax for creating a template function is simple: you start with the `template` keyword, followed by the `typename` keyword, and then include the type name you want to use as a template parameter. Then, you can use this type name in the function as if it was a regular type:
```

```cpp
template <typename T>
T sum(T a, T b) {
    return a + b;
}
```

The number of template parameters is not limited to one. If you need to use multiple types for the function arguments, you can apply several template parameters. This is an example function featuring two:
```cpp
template <typename T1, typename T2>
T1 sum(T1 a, T2 b) {
    return a + b;
}
```

> This function will work with types such that the second type can be cast to the first type, and it supports the `+` operator. Note that the return type of the function is `T1`, so the result of the sum will be of the same type as the first argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function will work with any pair of types, as long as the first type supports the `+` operator and the second type can be cast to the first type. Note that the return type of the function is `T1`, so the result of the sum will be of the same type as the first argument.
```

<div class="hint">
    You can use `std::is_same` to check if two types are the same. This can be useful when you want to restrict the types that can be used with the template function.

> </div>

Reviewer: We have not introduced type traits, it is a separate complicated topic, let's omit it here.

> Templates can also be used with classes. You can create a class template that can work with different types. The syntax is similar to the function template, but you need to specify the template parameters after the class name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Templates can also be used with classes. You can create a class template that can work with different types. The syntax is similar to the function template, but you need to specify the template parameters before the class name:
```

```cpp
template <typename T, typename U>
class Person {
public:
    T age;
    U name;
    Person(T age, U name) : age(age), name(name) {}
};

int main() {
    Person<int, std::string> p1(25, "John");
    char name[10] = "Bob";
    Person<double, char*> p2(25.5, name);
    return 0;
}
```

Template instantiation is the process through which the compiler creates a "concrete" function or class from a template, using a specific type. When you use a template with a particular type, the compiler generates an instance of the template for that type. This is known as an "instantiated" function or class. For example, let's get back to the sum function template:
```cpp
template <typename T>
T sum(T a, T b) {
    return a + b;
}

int main() {
    int result = sum<int>(2, 3);
}
```
When we call `sum<int>(2, 3)`, the compiler generates a function
```cpp
int sum(int a, int b) {
    return a + b;
}
```
and uses it to calculate the sum of two integers.

The same process applies to class templates. The key point is that a separate function or class is generated for each type with which a template is used, which is why templates are a compile-time feature.

> Sometimes, you may face a template declaration using the `class` keyword instead of `typename`. Both keywords are interchangeable in template declarations, and in most cases, you can use either. However, there are a few exceptions. For more information, refer to [this article](https://mariusbancila.ro/blog/2021/03/15/typename-or-class/).

Reviewer: Put this paragraph under a hint.

In this task, you need to implement an analog of the [`std::pair`](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/utility/pair) class. In essence, it should be a class with two template parameters, `T1` and `T2`, and two fields of these types, to store two values simultaneously.

> Usually, when implementing templates in C++, you need to include the implementation in the header file. Go to the `/include/DataPair.hpp` file and create the `DataPair` class template there. The class should have the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the `/include/DataPair.hpp` file and create the `DataPair` class template there. The class should have the following methods:
```
